Oh, dear.
Don't shoot, don't shoot me, where did the wind neck come from?
Actually taking children
We must be popular if we post such a good thing online.
Take a picture, don't take a picture, don't take a picture
Stop shooting, do you hear me?
Miss, I'll lend you my cell phone.
You can call your family to pick you up.
Thanks.
What's your name?
I will repay you.
My name is Yang Chenchen
Don't worry about the little things
Hello cousin
I'm at the gate of Yang's house.
Can you come and pick me up?
Baby
Hungry
If you are hungry, wait for your mother to come home.
Can I make something delicious for you?
Hmm dragon fruit
Wait for me.
I'm going to feed the children
I want to buy one.
scratch-off
Why is the name Morning so familiar?
Go back and ask the housekeeper to check.